trying to shoot a little bit turkey
season is right around the corner need
to loosen up
you
ha
I posted a video a few days ago about
enhancing your hunting locations the
topic was mainly persimmon trees today
I'm going to talk about something most
hunters have access to and my favorite
tree the oak tree you know we all think
about the past and when man hunted wood
primitive archery to obtain game in a
vast wilderness well guess what that
world does not exist for most of us but
the good side of the story is there's
still a lot of good hunting in a lot of
places um you just have to be flexible
and you may have to go at it a little
differently this area right here is not
a whole lot of food for deer it's a lot
of pine black cherry sweet gum different
things but when you do find something
you can enhance it I got a little grove
of water oak trees water Oaks are real
dependable they drop really well but I'm
going to fertilize and line these trees
to increase my chances of these trees
producing acorns that the deer will be
attracted to now here's the cool thing I
know they're coming right in here this
is though there's only about five or six
little trees right here and they look
good and healthy I'm going to go all the
way around the drip line of the of the
trees they spread out some 10-10-10
fertilizer and then some lime to
neutralize the soil because our soil
here is real acidic on notice this was
not done in the past this is absolutely
something modern um but if you want a
hot deer and be successful like I say
you have to be flexible you take your
bow and arrow and stop through these
pine trees trying to find a deer and
kill a deer that way you might be very
sad at dinner to season let me tell you
another thing going on these little
trees are on a slope right on top of a
hill there's real thick areas on both
sides of the hill where the deer bed
I've seen a ton of deer in this area so
what I'll do a hundred in the morning
times on top of the hill with my three
thermals rising which will give me an
advantage because I can't really these
dealer deer can come from any direction
so what I'll do I'll use the thermals to
get my sin above them hopefully I mean a
deer could bust me very easily but if
the thermals are good I'm high up on the
ridge my scent rise and I got a lot
better chance on to get away with being
here if we get some good rain that's the
other thing if it doesn't rain good all
my work would be for nothing but you
know everything's a little bit of a
gamble so let's do it
less fertilize the trees ok this is what
we got 10 10 10 and got some lined in
neutralize the soil these things are 50
pound bags like to kill me getting them
down in here I brought my cell phone in
case I kicked the bucket I could maybe I
could get a call and let them know where
my corpse is before I before I succumbed
anyway I got it here and it's time to do
it so like I say you'll really look
forward to the benefits of this next
year this will make these trees drop
acorns for about two or three years on
without having to you know refer to lies
them so it's a good benefit you see me
going around the drip line of the tree
looking upwards to stay on course you're
gonna fly about 140 pound bag of
10-10-10 fertilizer per tree
okay the the lime is very important to
apply the same amount of lime around the
drift line also you can use the
pelletized lime which cuts down on the
dust so you won't breathe the dust from
the powdered type you can also use this
technique later in this season say in
the summertime it may not help you that
fall but the following fall it should be
a benefit to you okay that's it I mean
the works done I don't have to come back
here I can leave it along til next year
hopefully when I'm here next year I'll
see plenty of deer for just a little bit
of work till then see you next time